README.md, before:

# laboneq-library
Lightweight experiment execution engine for LabOne Q experiments and an extensible collection of top-quality pre-built experiments.

Currently, the `laboneq-library` is internal and serves as a learning and development platform.

## Goals of the library and its parts
The `laboneq-library` provides a scalable framework for quantum experiments based on the Zurich Instruments [LabOne Q](https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq) software framework.

To this end, the `laboneq-library` contains several elements:

### Supported qubit types

- Transmon qubits

### Experiment library
A library that holds basic experiment definitions. In the beginning, focused on transmon qubits.

- Single Qubit Gate Tune-Up

    - Amplitude Rabi
    - Ramsey
    - Ramsey Parking
    - Q Scale
    - T1
    - Echo

- Signal Propagation Delay
- Resonator spectroscopy

    - Dispersive shift

- State discrimination
- Optimal integration kernels


### Quantum operations
A library that defines quantum operations (such as pulses or gates) on a specific qubit.

### More elements
- Pulse functionals

## How to install and use?

The laboneq-library is used together and depends on Zurich Instruments' LabOne Q software framework.

> :warning: The following instructions are for internal testing

### For the developer
You can either clone or fork the `laboneq-library` directory and use it as the working directory for your quantum experiments.

```
git clone https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq-library.git
cd laboneq-library
pip install -e .
```

### For the user

For the users who only need the Python library, you can install the `laboneq-library` directly from `Git`. By default the `main` branch will be installed.

```
pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq-library.git
or
pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq-library.git@<feature_branch_to_be_used>
```

## How to contribute?

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Update README.md (#55)
Updates the README to make it clear to the rest of the people in the company that this version of the library is currently in development, and that it should not be shared with customers.

README.md, after:

# laboneq-library
Lightweight experiment execution engine for LabOne Q experiments and an extensible collection of top-quality pre-built experiments.

**IMPORTANT: Please do not offer this package to customers without aligning with Stefania Lazar.**

- **Currently, the `laboneq-library` is internal and serves as a learning and development platform for the final product. We do not provide support for the current version.**

## Goals of the library and its parts
The `laboneq-library` provides a scalable framework for quantum experiments based on the Zurich Instruments [LabOne Q](https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq) software framework.

To this end, the `laboneq-library` contains several elements:

### Supported qubit types

- Transmon qubits

### Experiment library
A library that holds basic experiment definitions. In the beginning, focused on transmon qubits.

- Single Qubit Gate Tune-Up

    - Amplitude Rabi
    - Ramsey
    - Ramsey Parking
    - Q Scale
    - T1
    - Echo

- Signal Propagation Delay
- Resonator spectroscopy

    - Dispersive shift

- State discrimination
- Optimal integration kernels


### Quantum operations
A library that defines quantum operations (such as pulses or gates) on a specific qubit.

### More elements
- Pulse functionals

## How to install and use?

The laboneq-library is used together and depends on Zurich Instruments' LabOne Q software framework.

> :warning: The following instructions are for internal testing

### For the developer
You can either clone or fork the `laboneq-library` directory and use it as the working directory for your quantum experiments.

```
git clone https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq-library.git
cd laboneq-library
pip install -e .
```

### For the user

For the users who only need the Python library, you can install the `laboneq-library` directly from `Git`. By default the `main` branch will be installed.

```
pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq-library.git
or
pip install --upgrade git+https://github.com/zhinst/laboneq-library.git@<feature_branch_to_be_used>
```

## How to contribute?

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)
